Update split_testing.md (#113)
moovweb-docs/xdn-docs: guides/split_testing.md

# Split Testing (aka Edge Experiments)

> The Moovweb XDN makes it easy to conduct split testing without performance penalties by executing splits at the edge through easy-to-use yet powerful inteface. It can be used for A/B and multivariate tests, canary deploys, blue-green tests, iterative migration off of a legacy website, personalization, and more. This guide shows you how to configure a split test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Moovweb XDN makes it easy to conduct split testing without performance penalties by executing splits at the edge through an easy-to-use yet powerful interface. It can be used for A/B and multivariate tests, canary deploys, blue-green tests, iterative migration off of a legacy website, personalization, and more. This guide shows you how to configure a split test.
```

When a split test is active, the XDN will automatically set an `xdn_destination` cookie to the name
of the chosen destination. You can use this value in the browser to report the split test experience assignment to
analytics.

## Compatibility with A/B testing tools

> Moovweb XDN split testing routes traffic at the edge based on a variety of criteria. It does not identify user cohorts (although it can split on cohorts identified by annother tool) or report business metrics about A/B tests since there are many great tools for that. We recommend you utlize an A/B testing tool that supports server-side integration such as Monetate, Optimizely, Adobe Test, Google Experiments, or Visual Web Optimizer. These tools will set a cookie or header that can be used to split traffic using the appropriate criteria described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moovweb XDN split testing routes traffic at the edge based on a variety of criteria. It does not identify user cohorts (although it can split on cohorts identified by another tool) or report business metrics about A/B tests since there are many great tools for that. We recommend you utilize an A/B testing tool that supports server-side integration such as Monetate, Optimizely, Adobe Test, Google Experiments, or Visual Web Optimizer. These tools will set a cookie or header that can be used to split traffic using the appropriate criteria described above.
```
